---
layout: post
title: 'About Me: Q1 2024'
date: 2024-01-07 19:35 +0100
categories: [About Me]
tags: [writing, about me]
---

## Who Am I?

My name is Elias, and I'm a 19-year-old guy from Sweden. The summer of 2023 I finished my studies in game grapichs at LBS Kreativa Gymnasium. I'm currently doing bible studies at Mariannelunds Folkhögskola, and I just started my second semester here.

## My Passions

My two biggest passions right now are 3D modeling and programming. I mainly work in C# and Unity, always striving to improve my skills and knowledge in these areas. I'm also stretching out in new areas and testing new things, such as trying Jekyll. (The static site generator this site is built on)

## My Background

I grew up in a small village in Sweden, always having an interest in computers and technology thanks to my dad. I started programming in my early teens but stopped due to mostly laziness. Picking it up again a few years ago, I've been hooked ever since. Over the years, I've experimented with various programming languages and technologies, focusing on creating fun and interactive experiences for others (and myself).

## What I'm Working On

Currently I'm semi-slowly working on several projects, all of which I will soon add posts about on the page (as the time of writing this). One of the games I'm working on is actually based on some of my classmates homework where they made a game about the plagues of egypt. On of the other games I'm working on is a game i started the work on during halloween 2023, therefore it's halloween themed.

## Other Interests

Aside from 3D modeling and programming, I enjoy playing video games, watching movies and TV shows, and listening to music. A big fan of sci-fi and fantasy, one of my favorite book/film series is Harry Potter.

## My Future Plans

After completing my studies at Mariannelunds Folkhögskola, I still plan to apply to Future Games in Skellefteå to pursue a degree in game development. I'm not really sure if I'm going to work or study however.

Over the next year, I plan to continue honing my skills in programming and 3D modeling to prepare for my studies at Future Games. Excited to see what the future holds for me in the world of game development!

It is almost time for applying to Future Games now, which I will do. I'm soon going to start "assembling" my application to the school. 
